---
layout: blog-post
thumb: /images/uploads/banner-03.jpg
title: GOVERNMENT OF CANADA FEDERAL PUBLIC SERVICE PENSIONS
desc: >-
  Pension Benefit Division Reports are provided on request to Federal Public
  Servants, or their Spouses, who are contemplating or negotiating a separation
  or divorce.
banner: /images/uploads/banner-03.jpg
---
Pension Benefit Division Reports are provided on request to Federal Public Servants, or their Spouses, who are contemplating or negotiating a separation or divorce. A Pension Benefit Division Report provides an estimate of the value of a pension and how much can be transferred between spouses pursuant to the Pension Benefits Division Act (PBDA).



This is an estimate because of actuarial considerations such as future interest rates and mortality projections. These Reports are not supposed to be estimates due to poor or incomplete employment records (for example incorrect years of service).



Recent media reports have identified concerns that the Pension Benefit Division Reports provided for separating and divorcing Federal Public Servants do not receive a sufficient level of accuracy with respect to service records.



Take Action: If you are a current or former Federal Public Servant who settled a separation or divorce based upon a Pension Division Report and subsequently had your years of service corrected, amended or changed please contact LettsLaw to speak to a lawyer. This is a no charge, free consultation.



This information is not legal advice. The law changes from time to time and applies differently to different fact situations.
