---
layout: blog-post
thumb: /images/uploads/placeholder-1by1.svg
title: ITS NOT ALL YOUR EX’S FAULT…
desc: >-
  As a single or separated parent, there are a lot of headaches with raising a
  child with two homes. Blaming your ‘Ex’  is convenient and can sometimes feel
  good.
banner: /images/uploads/placeholder-16by9.svg
---
As a single or separated parent, there are a lot of headaches with raising a child with two homes. Blaming your ‘Ex’  is convenient and can sometimes feel good. But more than one in every four Ontario children have separated parents. It is no longer acceptable or legal for service providers (schools, businesses, governments and organizations) to discriminate against parents and children because of their marital or family status.



All Ontario services have to be provided to children without discrimination because a child’s parents live apart. Parents cannot be discriminated against because they are single, separated or divorced.



If you find yourself fighting with your ‘Ex’ about a service or contract with an Ontario provider – ask yourself if it is the service provider who is at fault instead of (or in addition to) your ‘Ex’.



Contact Letts Law to talk to a lawyer about the situation.



Are you and your children being treated fairly?



The Ontario Human Rights Code protects Ontarians from illegal discrimination based on race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability or, in some situations, the receipt of public assistance.



Letts Law is a unique law firm that combines an advanced understanding of parenting, single parenting, divorce and the rights of children with a human rights practice. Eric Letts has experience litigating human rights cases involving parents and children who have experienced discrimination because of their gender, marital status, family status or disability.
